changelog and pr-template (#72)
CLIMADA-project/climada_petals: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

Release date: YYYY-MM-DD

Code freeze date: YYYY-MM-DD

### Description

### Dependency Changes

### Added

> - Changelog based on the climada_python CHANGELOG.md (https://keepachangelog.com template) [#72](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/72)
> - PR Template bassed on climada_python .github/pull_request_template.md [#72](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/72)

Reviewer: I think this should be a single entry per PR:
```suggestion
- Changelog and PR description template based on the Climada Core repository [#72](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_petals/pull/72)
```
